Shengsheng Shengsheng, you woke up Shengsheng
No no
Joe? I don't know what you mean.
It's my mother and brother
I don't have a mother.
No brother
Let's get married.
The shooter is the brother who is wrong.
Brother, I'm sorry.
Brother apologizes to you
I am not wrong
It was me who was wrong.
I am a bottom person
But you shouldn't have any dreams of being a singer
I should have just been making pancakes at home
Be my bottom line honestly
division commander
It's a mistake. I shouldn't have said those words first
Put away your insincere apology
Your apology doesn't feel like you're wrong at all
It's because I'm related to you
If I wasn't a killer today
I will still apologize to you.